redeemer of rio this given as famous
from the outside it's bullshit good
but there is nothing to say with one
normal person but her subhuman if little
a dinghy means being practical
chairs like doors and bars I took
a boat for rent let him say the
magza di ponza stopped for hunger
the state is on him train stops him
called bore well did not stop
because he wore it badly or not he stopped
and let me pass the ferry
I repeat for not doing a murder myself
I buy a nice boat 40 horses is not there
was neither mother who knows what you answer to me
when eight months later I went out in
boat i say to lucas it came out with the
inflatable boat that is not exactly the same thing
from the common while the boat beats for
all shearing I'm going to make a tuxedo
dead the carano to do sporting that
made all the other balls but
the deal does not have a feeling and so yes and
then later we take herring and
the herring certainly says but she and mine
wife do with a nice salad of
bad and keeps a minimum of knowledge
I don't know in the wind rose and
current
according to all when the wind pulls
just when the wind pulls exponent
to cut I want but fuck you